Changing note about limits without requests (#32326)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers.md

{{< note >}}

> If a container specifies its own memory limit, but does not specify a memory request, Kubernetes
> automatically assigns a memory request that matches the limit. Similarly, if a container specifies its own
> CPU limit (or any other resource limit), but does not specify a CPU request, Kubernetes automatically assigns a CPU request that matches
> the limit.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
If you specify a limit for a resource, but do not specify any request, and no admission-time
mechanism has applied a default request for that resource, then Kubernetes copies the limit
you specified and uses it as the requested value for the resource.
```

Author: Yep, much better than my suggestion :-)
